Remove `personal_url` and `about` fields when users are deleted (#13624)
decidim/decidim: RELEASE_NOTES.md

You can read more about this change on PR [#13616](https://github.com/decidim/decidim/pull/13616).

### 2.7. Clean deleted user records `decidim:upgrade:clean:clean_deleted_users` task

> As of [#13624](https://github.com/decidim/decidim/pull/13380), we are cleaning up better the deleted users records, by removing the about and personal url fields. As a result we added a new rake task that you can run on legacy databases. This task has already been added to generic `decidim:upgrade:clean:invalid_records` rake task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user deleted their account, we mistakenly retained some metadata, such as the personal_url and about fields. Going forward, these fields will be automatically cleared upon deletion. To fix this issue for previously deleted accounts, we've added a new rake task that should be run on your production database.
```
